Work Diary
Joel Lawrence - 3331029
COMP3900/9990 - Computer Science / Information Technology Project
UNSW - 20T1

Week 1

Group formed and project topic selected in lab. I setup MS teams for collaboration/communication and Github repo.
Also set out a template for project proposal and set out some desired features of our project.

Week 2

Setup tasks within Jira for project proposal report. Set out report sections and assisted to delegate out sections to each team member.
Wrote the options section, my about me piece, created user stories for cashier and kitchen staff, setup github classroom.
Planning is entirely being maintained with Jira.

Week 3
Followed up with team regarding Sprint 2. All task's within Sprint2 completed except for Jintao's two sections within project proposal report. Highlighted the priority of these outstanding tasks during the stand up.
Created a section to link our EPICs in Jira to our features within the project proposal report. Assisted with editing Jintao's sections with Silvia. Upon Silvia compiling the report, assited to double check and then submit.
Sprint 3 appears to sticking closer to plan than sprint 2. This will allow Sprint 4 to move into development stages.

Week 4

Team met and discussed a move from task based sprints to design and conceptual processes. Worked on landing page to provide a conceptual idea. Will demonstrate ideas within week 5 meeting to discuss our overall design look and feel and progress the build from there.

Week 5

Assisted with initial design and planning of front end layout with Karl. Tasked other three with working on authorisation systems. Move team online via MS teams.

Week 6

Built kitchen, cashier and waiter pages. Followed up on back end teams work. Set out template for final report.

Week 7

Reviewed feedback from Ali. Combined kitchen into a single page, combined cashier into a single page, combined waiter into a single page. Investigated additional features including chatbot options.

Week 8

Setup chatbot and tested during meeting with team. Planning API integration for fully functional chat bot. Setup dockerfile and build for easy AWS elastic beanstalk deployment.

Week 9

*notes here*

Week 10

*notes here*